today all day we use our cause triple
cross over here so three quick little
crossover move so I'm going to start
getting wider if you do a wider cause
one to three so it's three really quick
dribbles I'm saying between six and
twelve inches between your hands so
three really quick dribbles that I want
to drive into the basket and finishing
you could do different things with this
you could pass it you can get a screen
you can pull up and take a shot you
don't have to do the movie exactly like
this as I'm doing it in the drill or as
you would do it if you remember that
when you get into a game things are not
going to happen exactly as they happen
in practice is usually in practice maybe
people are letting you get your move and
maybe you're working out by yourself so
of course you got all the space you want
the game it might not look like this so
remember in the game you're going in and
playing instinctively what you get to
that level is by practicing enough that
you can do things you can react to
whatever the defense puts in front of
you but you don't have to worry about
doing a move and the game is not about
how many movies can do you don't get
points for moves you get a point to fit
points and when you get into a game if
you never have a situation where you
need to use this a triple crossover type
of move that's fine maybe you might use
this move one time in the next two years
but if you don't practice it you won't
have it you won't have the skills to do
it understand that you might have to
practice for 10 hours for one hour worth
a game I'm sure if you really think
about as much as you practice and much
as you play games you practice a whole
lot more to you playing games you
practice so much so that when you get in
the game you can be as close to flawless
as possible basketball game and
perfection but you want to be as close
to perfect as you can be that's why you
got to put into practice now so not
everything you practice is going to get
a chance to be used in every game
understand that it would be ready to
work instinctively by practicing enough
that you have everything in your bag no
matter what the defense shows you that
that sounds awful like this drill work
on the game